Hello colleagues, I want to record a video
how to make how to choose a gift not
rely on fate and how to choose
a gift for the action which is now
already started in Ukraine it means it
web site go to the web site view under
with your login and password
we go
to order
so I want to show our example
of vitamins
because they have enough points to
us that bang and need an order for 40 points
bonus here we made an order
and see below we have a gift
surprise for it not to be
surprise we go
activity and open immediately in the new
tab now reports on structure
now the order history and we see in
process here is our order for 49 points
click on this invoice and see that in
gift we put a set of bracelets
pink glamor lead we want no set
bracelets pink caps that we
do we do order
create new order
we have a surprise gift again
we close here
open again
activity
new tab we go again
structure reports again history
orders see again in the process the same
order and here we have a pink scarf
glamor
such actions can be repeated exactly
so much until that gift appears
which suits you and which you
satisfied
I hope this information was for you
useful all on it so far up
dating